content/about.md, before:

---
title: "About"
date: 2018-02-13T13:42:49-05:00
---

Hello, I'm Gerald.

Professionally, I'm a mechanical engineer that is passionate about fluids, thermo, mechanical design and the interaction of hardware and software.

The past several years have been spent flexing my technical leadership skills at [3Scan](http://www.3scan.com), by leading a small interdisciplinary team ranging from hardware and software engineers to biologists in building out a digital pathology production line. Our work revolves around combining automation, robotics and machine learning to extract spatial data from tissue samples. My main contributions to 3Scan since 2013 has the mechanical/fluid architecture of our microscopes, scaling up/out our processes to repeatably setup and update our systems, and shoring up our diamond knife supply chain.

As of September 2019, [3Scan](http://www.3scan.com) has officially merged with [Transcriptic](http://www.transcriptic.com) to form [Strateos](http://www.strateos.com), where our mission is to design the robotic drug discovery factories of the future. Our mission is to shift the laboratory away from the benchtop, into a computer and back the computer with a fully automated CloudLab that is capable of running biological assays and chemical synthesis.

For fun, I utilize my technical training to help various arts groups achieve their dreams. A role that normally involves complex integration of hardware, electronics and software to achieve the lead artists vision.  Namely, I sit on the board of the [Flux Foundation](http://www.fluxfoundation.org) where we use the creation of public art as a vessel to empower the volunteers that join us. I will be forever grateful for the places that this organization has lead 

* [Past Works](/works)
* [Resume](/resume/gspencer_eng.pdf)

Commit message:

Update resumue, seems like this site is broken with newer versions of hugo..

content/about.md, after:

---
title: "About"
date: 2018-02-13T13:42:49-05:00
---

Hi, I'm Gerald!

Professionally, I'm an engineering leader engineer who is passionate about automation, culture and how to expand my own impact by empowering those that work with me.

The past several years have been spent flexing my technical leadership skills at [3Scan](http://www.3scan.com), by leading a small interdisciplinary team ranging from hardware and software engineers to biologists in building out a digital pathology production line. Our work revolves around combining automation, robotics and machine learning to extract spatial data from tissue samples. My main contributions to 3Scan since 2013 has the mechanical/fluid architecture of our microscopes, scaling up/out our processes to repeatably setup and update our systems, and shoring up our diamond knife supply chain.

As of September 2019, [3Scan](http://www.3scan.com) has officially merged with [Transcriptic](http://www.transcriptic.com) to form [Strateos](http://www.strateos.com), where our mission is to design the robotic drug discovery factories of the future. Our mission is to shift the laboratory away from the benchtop, into a computer and back the computer with a fully automated CloudLab that is capable of running biological assays and chemical synthesis.

For fun, I utilize my technical training to help various arts groups achieve their dreams. A role that normally involves complex integration of hardware, electronics and software to achieve the lead artists vision.  Namely, I sit on the board of the [Flux Foundation](http://www.fluxfoundation.org) where we use the creation of public art as a vessel to empower the volunteers that join us. I will be forever grateful for the places that this organization has lead 

* [Past Works](/works)
* [Resume](/resume/gspencer_eng.pdf)
